Standard License
0. Intro
  a. By downloading this said work it means you acknowledge and comply to this license
  b. By Agreeing to this license means you automatically agree to the latest version of this license
  c. We are not responsible for any direct or indirect damage done on your server for using said work
  d. We reserve any right to modify this license without any prior warning or notification
1. Definitions
  a. in this context "Author" means the creator of this license Thunder33345
  b. in this context "said work" OR "this plugin" means the work licensed under this license
2. Redistribution:
  a. You are allowed to redistribute said work as credits to author remain intact
   NOT keeping the credit intact includes - but is not limited to - the following instances:
    a. Not include Author name under redistributed work
    b. Removal OR Modifying of Author's name
   b. You are not allowed to redistribute said work under another license OR sub license it OR
3. Non-commercial Usage
  You are not allowed to do the followings:
    a. Sell any part(s) of the code
    b. Selling said work with or without modifying any parts of the code
    c. Using this to gain donation WITHOUT making any significant modification to it
    d. Redistributing it, without direct linking to official repo
    e. any form of displaying, showcasing, criticising, explaining, studying are allowed as long as any part of the license are not violated
    f. Profit off said work by limiting access of said work, Examples that are included - but is not limited to - the following instances:
     a. Pay to use said work
     b. limiting access/usage of this plugin to only paid user
     c. Rental or Sell the access/usage to use this plugin
5. You are free to report any ambiguity presented on this license 
6. The Author can specifically explicitly EXCLUDE any individual or company from this license when it see fits
7. This license can be non legally binding unofficially summarised as Creative Commons BY(attribution) NC(Non-commercial)
All Rights Reserved
