0. Intro
  a.  By  downloading  this  plugin  it  means  you  acknowledge  and  comply  to  this  license
  b.  By  Agreeing  to  this  license  means  you  automatically  agree  to  the  latest  version  of  this  license  
  c.  We  are  not  responsible  for  any  direct  or  indirect  damage  done  on  your  server  for  using  this  plugin
  d.  We  reserve  any  right  to  modify  this  license  without  prior  warning
2.  You  are  allowed  to  modify  redistribute  or  fork  part  of  the  code  as  long:
  a.  as  credit  remain  intact
    NOT  keeping  the  credit  intact  includes  -  but  is  not  limited  to  -  the  following  instances:
      a.  Not  include  creator  name  under  Original  Author
      b.  Modifying  the  Original  Author  name
      c.  Removal  of  Original  Author's  name
3.  You  are  granted  non-commercial  use  of  this  plugin  code
  You  are  not  allowed  to  do  the  followings:
    a.  Sell  part  of  the  code
    b.  Selling  this  plugin  with  or  without  editing  part  of  the  code
    c.  Using  this  to  gain  donation  WITHOUT  making  any  significant  modification  to  it
    d.  Earn  money  by  redistributing  it,  Examples  that  are  included  -  but  is  not  limited  to  -  the  following  instances:
      a.  using  link  shortening  service  that  earn  publisher  money
      b.  using  service  that  require  user  to  fill  a  survey  to  download  and  that  earns  publisher  money
      c.  using  file  upload  sites  that  display  ads  and  also  earns  publisher  money
      d.  exceptions  that  are  allowed  include:
        a.  any  form  of  displaying,  showcasing,  criticising,  explaining,  studying  are  allowed
9.  Host  Usage:  
  a.  You  are  not  allowed  to:
    a.  Profit  off  this  plugin  by  any  means  Examples  that  are  included  -  but  is  not  limited  to  -  the  following  instances:
      a.  Pay  to  use  this  plugin  model
        while  host  profits  off  by  limiting  access  of  this  plugin  from  other  users
10.  You  are  free  to  report  any  ambiguity  presented  on  this  license  
11.  The  Owner  can  specifically  explicitly  EXCLUDE  any  individual,  company  from  this  license  when  it  seen  fits  or  through  loyalty  program  or  any  other  means
All  Rights  Reserved
